2008 April 25

This directory contains a single PDF file containing a complete set of 
character code tables and list of character names for The Unicode 
Standard, Version 5.1. The purpose of this file is to provide a stable
and complete reference of the code tables and list of character names
for this version of the Unicode Standard.
	 
This file will not be updated with errata, or when additional characters 
are assigned to the Unicode Standard. See http://www.unicode.org/charts/ 
for access to a complete list of the latest character code charts. See 
http://www.unicode.org/charts/PDF/Unicode-5.1/ for charts showing only 
the characters added in Unicode 5.1. Both of these locations provide
access to multiple files for convenient on-line viewing of individual
code tables.
	  
Fonts
The shapes of the reference glyphs used in these code charts are not 
prescriptive. Considerable variation is to be expected in actual fonts. 
The particular fonts used in these charts were provided to the Unicode 
Consortium by a number of different font designers, who own the rights 
to the fonts. See http://www.unicode.org/charts/fonts.html for a list.
	 
Terms of Use
The terms of use for the character code charts differ from the general
terms of use for the Unicode web site or the Unicode Character Database.

You may freely use these code charts for personal or internal business 
uses only. You may not incorporate them either wholly or in part into 
any product or publication, or otherwise distribute them without express 
written permission from the Unicode Consortium. However, you may provide 
links to these charts.
	 
The fonts and font data used in production of these Code Charts may NOT 
be extracted, or used in any other way in any product or publication, 
without permission or license granted by the typeface owner(s). 
	 
The Unicode Consortium is not liable for errors or omissions in these
character code charts or any other part of the Unicode Standard itself. 
	 
Copyright © 1991-2008 Unicode, Inc. All rights reserved.
See http://www.unicode.org/terms_of_use.html for more information.
